your instructor is one of the finest
pilots this program has ever produced
[Music]
his exploits are legendary
what he has to teach you may very well
mean the difference between life and
death your reputation precedes you after
admit I wasn't expecting an invitation
back
they're called orders maverick
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning aviators this is your
captain speaking
today's exercise is dogfighting two
birds one hey you've got to be kidding
[Music]
well I have some bad news your father is
dead you are the one and only heiress of
Richard Marla the composer mm-hmm for
the house
[Music]
I think that he was working on something
before he died a sonata some of the
stages they begin the symbols that I've
never seen before these symbols were
created by a French secret society if
the notes are played with exactly the
right pitch they could come back and
seduce the antitrust they answer
play it
[Music]
we all believe we've run into the
burning building but until we feel that
heat we can never know
you do you chose to die instead of
giving up your colleagues
[Music]
I'm a test you passed
not everybody does
welcome to the afterlife
[Music]
to do what I do I need some idea of the
threat we face as I understand it we're
trying to prevent World War 3
nuclear holocaust
something was
all I have for you is a word tenant
it'll open the right doors
some of the long ones too
I have to stop looking at the world in a
new way
[Music]
I'm trying to understand it feel it has
it happened yet
who wants to talk about money that's me
peg doll the maroon suit and your shoes
may not tell you this but I'm a hustler
I wouldn't screw you over
I'm a Bills fan
and make lots of friends in here I'm
gonna break your tiny little ass into I
want to stop trying not to be poor and
start trying to get rich what's the
difference between a hooker and a debt
collector
I like this joke a hooker takes you
money before screwing yet are you a debt
collector by relieving people with the
cordon of death there is an amazing
feeling you get when you find you true
calling
clearing your deck will decrease your
stress which will absolutely increase
your milk supply it was time to become
my own boss always thinking bigger
bigger we were great in hallelujah -
goodbye sister they're shaking in their
boots because they know we're the best
and we're gonna put them out of business
this is war you think it's time you
settle down not in my two decades on
this earth have I ever seen that the
settling type so yours dry
oh gosh if it had to be war I was gonna
win it
no intimidation
[Music]
are you trying to go back to prison
why didn't you tell me about this little
angel
[Music]
yeah
it's me nor I got your letter I realized
I know nothing about you boy
your mom really doesn't talk about me
does she
oh hey it's dad he's he's not how I
imagined it he's not used to having
people around
dan why did you ask me to come here I
disgust
I need to know why he said
I gotta take a crap
[Music]
that fight I want to pick the guys here
I got this theory bad guys have eyes it
look like raisins
[Music]
[Applause]
who knows maybe we'll end up being best
friends
[Music]
I'm Anna Fox there are some things that
need to be said about me I have an
anxiety disorder I'm not prepared for
visitors I'm a agoraphobic I can't go
outside
[Applause]
I've lived it
[Music]
you let some of the outside come in your
neighbor from across the street pretty
sure you're not supposed to be hippies
without a halt
her name is Jane Russell she's become a
friend like your earrings oh thanks I
gift from an old boyfriend does your
husband mind
[Music]
family's complicated
I
[Music]
my neighbor changed she's been stabbed
my PD why is he here
mr. Russell believes that you made a
mistake never met my wife we spent the
evening together
I'm Jane Russell she's not Jane I know
what I saw the doctor said that your
meds
can cause hallucinations why are you
protecting them they're all hiding
something
[Music]
her earring it's in their house you're
playing with the wrong family
do they know you're here alone
nine-one-one I think somebody hazing my
house don't go looking into other
people's houses you won't like what you
see dear God
your presents graces the air and soon a
few oh no see
hi Maude yes hi it takes nothing special
to mop up after the dying
we're prettier than last one but to save
a soul has quite something
bless Amanda's body and well as her mind
but she's shrouded in darkness when you
pray and you get a response it's like
he's physically in me it's how he guides
me my little Savior
[Music]
Hey what you up to on a private para
you're still nursing what I know what
happened
Oh the good girls cool cuz even got her
so I just want to see you loosen up I've
got more important things on my mind to
me
he isn't real nothing worthwhile comes
easy to do you must be the loneliest
girl I've ever seen
I'm ready and open
I feel full of your love than ever
before I heard oh yes of course what if
I'm getting it all wrong all the good
girls gold
in your own time gentlemen must be
something bigger the channels here you
have a brother in the second Battalion
yes sir
they're walking into a trap your orders
are to deliver a message calling off
tomorrow morning's attack if you fail it
will be a massacre we've got all just
across here that is the German frontline
if we're not clever about this no one
will get to your brother
Oh will
[Music]
good
there is only one way this ends last man
standing
[Music]
anybody insane
why in god's name did you have to choose
me
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 16 contract men your
brother among them good luck
[Music]
happy birthday mr. adult man flakka
gross what was dad like his beard was
Scratchy
he had a goofy laugh I wish I'd bet him
I have something for you sorry your dad
it's a wizard staff
I wrote this spell so I can see for
myself who my boys grew up to be
this spell brings him back back way back
to life you wanted to beat you more than
anything
boy to to Seder
how did you I don't know it just started
dad don't apart dad you are in your
house we've only got 24 hours to bring
back the rest of dad we're going on a
quest all quests start with the
manticore the fearless adventurer you
mean
Corey she's over there that's the
manticore get in the vehicle an escort
yo I'm giving you to the count of three
okay wait what are you doing I don't
know I'm looking for my sons
oh they went on a quest but don't worry
I told him about the map I told him
about the gym I told him about the curse
huh I forgot to tell about the car what
your boys are in grave danger
hold on
[Applause]
how your boys doing a crazy
dead dead for death not great
I can't tell you we're not gonna see you
dad you can do this I've seen you
what cutt knows where to go don't you
boy yes your room on my way boys just
stay out
[Music]
it's a surprise so what are you kids
getting into tonight Bruin to some old
high school party how long you in town
for a whole week what are you gonna do
party got any coke hey amber Jones I did
a movie up in BK who's the broad nice
right do another berry CrossFitting
later amber Jones
you gonna call the cops you don't need
to call the cops we can find her
ourselves we're here about amber Jones
death County might see you it's okay I'm
wearing a hat
amber Jones where did you get that
something tells me she got a lot of
friends it sounds dangerous
destructively irresponsible you know
just because it's a page doesn't mean
good I'm actually a totally different
person it's not me anymore
everyone can rest easy about it all
under control
[Music]
go to adventure if you want to join look
at that awesome
[Music]
this is a nice place for provide you the
scale of leaders
you